Add integration with iOS in quick start docs (#367)
arkivanov/Decompose: docs/getting-started/quick-start.md

}
```

### Child Stack with SwiftUI

```swift
struct RootView: View {
    private let root: RootComponent
    
    @ObservedObject

>     private var childStack: ObservableValue<ChildStack<AnyObject, RootComponentChild>>

Reviewer: Let's copy the explanation of what `ObservableValue` is from [here](https://arkivanov.github.io/Decompose/component/overview/#what-is-observablevalue). Otherwise it will be unresolved and it's not obvious where it comes from.

    
    private var activeChild: RootComponentChild { childStack.value.active.instance }
    
    init(_ root: RootComponent) {
        self.root = root
        childStack = ObservableValue(root.childStack)
    }
    
    var body: some View {
        switch activeChild {

>         case let child as RootComponentChild.ListChild: ListView(child.component)

Reviewer: Maybe reference and use [StackView](https://github.com/arkivanov/Decompose/blob/master/sample/app-ios/app-ios/StackView.swift) from samples?

Author: I think that using StackView will make it more complex and it requires a lot of code ?

Reviewer: Sorry, I meant not to put the entire `StackView` code in the docs, but just use `StackView` and reference its source code from the samples. The same way as we use `ObservableValue` here. Using `StackView` [looks pretty simple](https://github.com/arkivanov/Decompose/blob/master/sample/app-ios/app-ios/CountersView.swift#L22). Am I missing something?

Reviewer: Let's merge this in its current state, we can fix it after that in a separate PR.

}
```

### IOS with SwiftUI

1. Create `RootHolder` class that holds the root component and its lifecycle.

```swift
class RootHolder : ObservableObject {
    let lifecycle: LifecycleRegistry
    let stateKeeper: StateKeeperDispatcher
    let root: RootComponent

    init(savedState: ParcelableParcelableContainer?) {
        lifecycle = LifecycleRegistryKt.LifecycleRegistry()

>         stateKeeper = StateKeeperDispatcherKt.StateKeeperDispatcher(savedState: savedState)

Reviewer: Let's keep Quick Start docs simple and don't mention StateKeeper on iOS for now. Also let's remove everything related to state preservation on iOS. This stuff is highly experimental. I'm going to create a separate docs page for iOS integration with all the details.

        root = DefaultRootComponent(
            componentContext: DefaultComponentContext(
                    lifecycle: lifecycle,

>             stateKeeper: stateKeeper,

Reviewer: So here we can use the constructor with just one argument - `Lifecycle`.

}
```

### IOS with SwiftUI

1. Create `RootHolder` class that holds the root component and its lifecycle.

```swift
class RootHolder : ObservableObject {
    let lifecycle: LifecycleRegistry
    let root: RootComponent

    init() {
        lifecycle = LifecycleRegistryKt.LifecycleRegistry()

        root = DefaultRootComponent(
            componentContext: DefaultComponentContext(
                lifecycle: lifecycle,
            ),
        )

        lifecycle.onCreate()
    }

    deinit {
        // Destroy the root component before it is deallocated
        lifecycle.onDestroy()
    }
}
```

2. Create `RootHolder` instance and pass it to the `RootView` constructor.

```swift
@main
struct app_iosApp: App {

>     private var rootHolder: RootHolder { RootHolder() }
>         
>     var body: some Scene {
>         WindowGroup {
>             RootView(rootHolder.root)
>                 .onAppear { LifecycleRegistryExtKt.resume(self.rootHolder.lifecycle) }
>                 .onDisappear { LifecycleRegistryExtKt.stop(self.rootHolder.lifecycle) }
>         }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    private var rootHolder: RootHolder { RootHolder() }
    @Environment(\.scenePhase) var scenePhase
        
    var body: some Scene {
        WindowGroup {
            RootView(rootHolder.root)
                .onAppear { LifecycleRegistryExtKt.start(self.rootHolder.lifecycle) }
                .onDisappear { LifecycleRegistryExtKt.stop(self.rootHolder.lifecycle) }
                .onChange(of: scenePhase) { newPhase in
                    switch newPhase {
                    case .background:
                        LifecycleRegistryExtKt.stop(rootHolder.lifecycle)
                    case .active:
                        LifecycleRegistryExtKt.start(rootHolder.lifecycle)
                    case .inactive:
                        LifecycleRegistryExtKt.pause(rootHolder.lifecycle)
                    @unknown default: break
                    }
                }
        }
```

Sorry for interrupting and correct me if I miss something @arkivanov, but your `sample` app and the docs states resuming (instead of starting) on `onAppear` and stopping (which sounds right) on `onDissapear`.  I had some issues when I put my app in the background and after that when I open the app again looks like it skips the `start` and goes to `resume` instead (I'm not sure about this in particular just following the logic). I'm coming from Android and I suggest a bit more precise control over the lifecycle.

Let me know if I miss something and my solution is breaking something else or is not needed at all. If my approach looks more robust I can fix the sample app quickly via another PR.

Reviewer: No problem at all! Asking questions is always good!

Calling `resume` should automatically drive the lifecycle through `start`, if needed. So initially `onAppear` calls `resume` (which calls `onCreate` -> `onStart` -> `onResume`), then `onDisappear` calls `stop` (which calls `onPause` -> `onStop`), then `onAppear` calls `resume` again (which calls `onStart` -> `onResume`). See the source code [here](https://github.com/arkivanov/Essenty/blob/master/lifecycle/src/commonMain/kotlin/com/arkivanov/essenty/lifecycle/LifecycleRegistryExt.kt#L29).

On the other hand in your proposed change, you never call `resume`, which means `onResume` will never be called.

Reviewer 2: Ah, got it! So it's sufficient on `.background` to call `stop` and on `.active` to call `resume`. I want to emphases on `scenePhase` as `onAppear` and `onDisappear` behaves like more like onCreate and onDestroy on Android.

Reviewer: Yes, it should be fine. Btw, what about onDisapper? Isn't it gets called when the app goes to background?

Reviewer 2: No, only when you swipe and "kill" the app :(

Reviewer: Oh, this is something I should fix!

Reviewer: I will follow-up with a PR for this. Thanks!
